# PROJECT TITLE: LuckyChick50
#### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/DeCeQrRtQy0 (Sorry if video is too fast with bad pronunciation I was rushing and I am bad at pronouncing words)

#### DESCRIPTION: Hello world! My name is Peh En Yi and I am here to present my CS50x final project! I am currently 10 years old in 2023 and I live in Singapore. I created this web app using Python, HTML, CSS, Flask and SQLite3. I am going to now present my final CS50x project:

#### LuckyChick50 is a game where you can hatch chicks using money and sell your chicks to get money! You start off with $1000.00 dollars once you create an account. You can hatch chicks at the "hatch" route. There are different kinds of chicks. if you are lucky, you might hatch a rare chick! After you hatch your chick, you can either keep it in your inventory for a collection or sell it to earn money!

#### At the top right corner, you can see a text that displays "Register". Go ahead and click on it. It will bring you to the register route. After that, you can key in your desired username in the first input (top) then key in a very strong password that at least include letters, numbers and symbols in the second input (middle). Lastly, key in your password again in the last input (bottom). If you cannot think of a strong password or you just want a random password, you can click on "here" in the sentence below. Beside the "Register" button at the top right corner, you can see a text that displays "Login". Go ahead and click on it. After that, key in your username in the first input (top) and password in the second input (bottom) you have created in register (more infomation on register is on top). For logout, you need to be logged in order to logout. At the right hand corner, you will see a text that displays "Logout". Simply just click on it and you will be logged out.

 #### There will be 10 routes. The first route called "HOME" just takes you to the home page. The second route called "Inventory" shows your chicks. You only can hold a maxium of 1 chick per type of chick. The third route called "Index" shows you the name, rarity and the cost of each chick and gift. More on gifts later. The forth route, "Hatch" is where you can hatch chicks.  For each hatch costs $200.00. The fifth route called "Update leaks" shows what will come out on the upcoming or future update to give you a sense of hype. The sixth route, "sell" is where you can sell your chicks to earn money so to hatch more chicks. The seventh route called "news" shows what has happened before in this website. It is basically the history of this website. The eighth route called "Gift" can only be accessed when you encounter a problem where you go broke. If you have less than $200.00 where you can't hatch en egg and you have no chicks to sell, this is when this route can save you. This route gives you money whenever you go broke. The luckier you are, the bigger the gift you will get. The bigger the gift, the more money it contains. The ninth route is called "Change Password" this is where you can change your password if you think your password is too easy or you just hate your password. It requires your username and password to create a new password. The tenth and last route of this project is called "Instructions". If you do not know what anything does, you can go to this route and it will tell you every part of this webapp in detail.
